Gpu & scalability policy (#855)
CSCfi/csc-user-guide: docs/computing/overview.md

!!! warning "Important"
    The login nodes are not meant for long or heavy processes.

### GPU nodes

Puhti-AI's V100 GPUs should only be used for the following workloads:

>  * ML/AI workloads

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Machine Learning (ML) / Artificial Intelligence (AI) workloads
```

 * Code development for porting codes GPUs 
 * HPC applications benefitting greatly from GPUs, or even only supporting GPUs. This means that the code should be at least **2x** as fast on one V100 GPU compared to one Puhti node. 

Mahti-AI's A100 GPUs (coming soon) should only be used for the following workloads:

 * ML/AI workloads
 * Code development for porting codes GPUs 
 * HPC applications that can use the new hardware features in A100 (tensor cores). This means that the code should be at least **3x** as fast on one A100 GPU compared to one Mahti node. 

The rationale for this policy is:

>  * The majority of compute resources are CPU based. Hence it is likely that you'll (and everyone)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * The majority of compute resources are CPU based. Hence it is likely that you (and everyone) will
```
